docs: document auth override, cors, graphql tutorial (#728)
encoredev/encore: docs/develop/auth.md

which lets users optionally authenticate to public APIs. This can be useful in some
circumstances to return additional information. The second return value from `auth.UserID()`
can be used to determine if the request has an authenticated user.

## Overriding auth information

> Encore allows overriding the auth information for an outgoing request using the
> [`auth.WithContext`](https://pkg.go.dev/encore.dev/beta/auth#WithContext) function.
> This function returns a new context with the auth information set to the specified values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Encore provides a function, [`auth.WithContext`](https://pkg.go.dev/encore.dev/beta/auth#WithContext), for overriding the auth information for an outgoing request.
This function returns a new context with the auth information set to the specified values.
```
